Web meeting - 28 Apr 2001
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Results
= = = = =

1. More detailed specification of system archetecture 

 - It appears reasonable to choose a component based development model because
of the intended modular structure of the software parts involved in to system.
Moreover the component modelling encourages the separation of the various parts
of the structure and leads to a service oriented design, potentially remote
services.
 - At least in a first implementation, the clients will be gui clients (thick)


2. Use case refinement

  - People Life
  Actors: Simulation, Person, Time
    Simulation creates Person then Person lives and after some time the
    Simulation destroys the Person
   
  - People Id Registry (PIR) Enquiry
  Actory: People Id Registry, other System's Entity
    A System's Entity enquiries the PIR to obtain information about
    some other System's Entity. The PIR will then supply the requested
    information  if available. 

  - People Id Registry (PIR) Birth Registration
  Actory: People Id Registry, Simulation, Person
    Once the Simulation creates a new Person, it also asks to PIR to register
    the birth event 

  - People Id Registry (PIR) Death Registration
  Actory: People Id Registry, Simulation, Person
    Once the Simulation destroy a new Person, it also asks to PIR to register
    the death event 

  - Hospital (H) Request
  Actory: Person, Hospital
    A Person goes to the Hospital, and after some time exits in three
    possible states: healed, not healed, death.

  - Bank (B) Fund Request
  Actory: Person, Bank
    A Person goes to the Bank and obtains some fund.

  - Bank (B) Fund Depot
  Actory: Person, Bank
    A Person goes to the Bank and depots some fund.

3. Next web meeting is scheduled on 05 May 2011 08:00PM. 
   Arguments:
     - Elaboration - detailed description of the system's architecture
     - Initial implementation of core features (Time Simulation 
       Module, People Model, People Id Registry Module)
   Things to be adjusted before next meeting: a decent VCS (namely git) 
